Docker tutorial (#5668)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/docker/tutorials/deploy-to-cloud.md

You'll need to set up an Azure account if you don’t already have one.

> 1. Now you can create your new ACI context, you can do this by clicking the plus button on the contexts section of the Docker pannel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Now you can create your new ACI context. You can do this by clicking the plus button on the contexts section of the Docker pannel
```

And, you can see that the container is running in a public IP and working correctly!

> 1. Now we can have a look at our running container to see how it is working, we can start by having a look at the container logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Now, you can have a look at our running container to see how it is working. You can start by having a look at the container logs:
```

 
 ```bash
   docker logs distracted-jackson
   ```

> 1. We can also exec into our container as we would with a local container 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can also exec into your container as you would with a local container.
```
